README.md, before:

[![Test on master branch with Gradle](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/test-on-master-with-gradle.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/test-on-master-with-gradle.yml)
[![Build fat jar, native and docker on master branch with Gradle](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/build-on-master-with-gradle.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/build-on-master-with-gradle.yml)
[![Publish on Maven Central](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-on-maven.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-on-maven.yml)
[![Build and publish docker image to DockerHub](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-to-dockerhub.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-to-dockerhub.yml)
[![Build and publish docker image to GitHub Registry](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-to-github-registry.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-to-github-registry.yml)

# Template Console Application by Rossonet

[![Gitpod ready-to-code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/1fe4b5ad3b92495ca581b02926af62a8)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade)

## Reference

[https://www.graalvm.org/dev/reference-manual/native-image/#install-native-image](https://www.graalvm.org/dev/reference-manual/native-image/#install-native-image)

### Project sponsor 

[![Rossonet s.c.a r.l.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rossonet/images/main/artwork/rossonet-logo/png/rossonet-logo_280_115.png)](https://www.rossonet.net)

Commit message:

publish native binary and update Readme

README.md, after:

## GitHub Actions

[![Test on master branch with Gradle](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/test-on-master-with-gradle.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/test-on-master-with-gradle.yml)
[![Build fat jar, native and docker on master branch with Gradle](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/build-on-master-with-gradle.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/build-on-master-with-gradle.yml)
[![Publish on Maven Central](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-on-maven.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-on-maven.yml)
[![Build and publish docker image to DockerHub](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-to-dockerhub.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-to-dockerhub.yml)
[![Build and publish docker image to GitHub Registry](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-to-github-registry.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/publish-to-github-registry.yml)
[![Build native and man page on master branch with Gradle](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/native-on-master-with-gradle.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/actions/workflows/native-on-master-with-gradle.yml)

# Template Console Application by Rossonet

[![Gitpod ready-to-code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/1fe4b5ad3b92495ca581b02926af62a8)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/rossonet/TemplateConsoleApplication/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade)

## Reference

[https://www.graalvm.org/dev/reference-manual/native-image/#install-native-image](https://www.graalvm.org/dev/reference-manual/native-image/#install-native-image)

### Project sponsor 

[![Rossonet s.c.a r.l.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rossonet/images/main/artwork/rossonet-logo/png/rossonet-logo_280_115.png)](https://www.rossonet.net)
